Remove HTMLAttrxRef macro, part 1 (#25258)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/cors_enabled_image/index.md

Now that the server has been configured to allow retrieval of the images cross-origin, we can write the code that allows the user to save them to [local storage](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Storage_API), just as if they were being served from the same domain the code is running on.

> The key is to use the [`crossorigin`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes#crossorigin) attribute by setting {{domxref("HTMLImageElement.crossOrigin", "crossOrigin")}} on the {{domxref("HTMLImageElement")}} into which the image will be loaded. This tells the browser to request cross-origin access when trying to download the image data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The key is to use the [`crossorigin`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/image#crossorigin) attribute by setting {{domxref("HTMLImageElement.crossOrigin", "crossOrigin")}} on the {{domxref("HTMLImageElement")}} into which the image will be loaded. This tells the browser to request cross-origin access when downloading the image data.
```
